I've never taken orders from anyone as
long as I live I'll never take orders
from anyone I'm young and strong and
nothing can touch me darling
poor fool don't you know I'm in love
with you are you afraid to burn Michael
are you afraid to die
what a relief to know that you're no
better than I am
[Music]
there's been no one but you I had to
come to know one I've been so stupid
I've crammed every minute so for a waste
but I love you too
I know you do
I saw it coming and just now a little
while ago I asked her to her face you
love him and she answered yes I do what
are you going to do are you going to go
up there this weekend and hold me your
arms are you I'm not in your care any
longer you will always be in my care
will I I know how you feel anything to
strike back at me but don't do it this
way what do you want me to do stay alone
in my room and think out if you want
Judith you'll hate me don't you oh I
hate you so much and for so many reasons
hate you for not telling me the truth I
hate you but letting me home I said your
head I'm so ashamed I guess I was born
out of my time miss Judith I should have
lived in the days when it counted to be
a man the way I like to write and the
way I like to fight what goes riding and
fighting these days what do they get you
you're making love to me aren't you I'm
as good as some of them that's been
playing around with you they're all
afraid of you I wish I wasn't there
boots
what then Michael but things I wanted to
say to you ever since I first laid eyes
on you belong to me and no one else
[Music]